=============================================================
SFML Portable - .Net Library making SFML more easily portable
=============================================================

This portable edition of SFML is not the official release and is maintained by SpiceyWolf - SpiceyWolf.ArchaicSoft@outlook.com.
SFML Portable requires the developer to use SFML.CSFML.Active to be called before any calls to SFML are made to ensure dependancies are unpacked.
The aim of this library is to make SFML.Net more easily portable to 32/64 bit and cross platform with 1 compile. SFML Portable still requires CSFML to be installed manually on Linux and Mac. This may require the developer or end user to manually compile the compatible CSFML versions on their own.

SFML Portable includes SFML.Net versions 2.0, 2.1, 2.2, 2.3.

Also includes RenderWidget.cs which you can add directly
to a program to embed SFML into the Stetic Forms designer

As well includes a WinForms extension to add both a Panel(RenderContainer) or PictureBox(RenderSurface) controls
to embed SFML into WinForms which uses events to process
functions locally.

(Below original readme has been modified but does not affect the content - only structure of the document for rtf to look cleaner.)

======================================================
SFML.Net - Simple and Fast Multimedia Library for .Net
======================================================

SFML is a simple, fast, cross-platform and object-oriented multimedia API. It provides access to windowing, graphics, audio and network.

It is originally written in C++, and this project is its official binding for .Net languages (C#, VB, ...).

Authors
-------

Laurent Gomila - main developer (laurent@sfml-dev.org)

Download
--------

You can get the latest official release on SFML website:
"http://www.sfml-dev.org/download/sfml.net"

You can also get the current development version from the git repository:
"https://github.com/LaurentGomila/SFML.Net"

Learn
-----

There is no tutorial for SFML.Net, but since it's a binding you can use the C++ resources:

* The official tutorials - "http://www.sfml-dev.org/tutorials/"

* The online API documentation - "http://www.sfml-dev.org/documentation/"

* The community wiki -
"https://github.com/LaurentGomila/SFML/wiki/"

* The community forum -
"http://en.sfml-dev.org/forums/"
Or for french people -
"http://fr.sfml-dev.org/forums/"

Of course, you can also find the SFML.Net API documentation in the SDK.

Dependencies
--------

To run SFML.NET executables you must have a copy of CSFML. CSFML can be compiled from source
"https://github.com/LaurentGomila/CSFML/" or downloaded from the offical release page -
"http://www.sfml-dev.org/download/csfml/"
Also note that since CSFML depends on the main SFML project you also need all SFML runtime dependencies.

Another dependency is the OpenTK library. This is required by the examples to run correctly.

It is not required unless you plan on running the example programs that are included.\par

Contribute
----------

SFML and SFML.Net are open-source projects, and they need your help to go on growing and improving.

Don't hesitate to post suggestions or bug reports on the forum "http://en.sfml-dev.org/forums/"

Submit patches by e-mail, or post new bugs/features requests on the task tracker -\par
"https://github.com/LaurentGomila/SFML.Net/issues/"

You can even fork the project on GitHub, maintain your own version and send us pull requests periodically to merge your work.
